Update plugin dev setup docs. Also add link to plugin docs in contribution docs (#661)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/extend/plugins/webapp/proper-configuration.md

---

> title: Proper Configuration

Reviewer: How do item 2 and 3 fit under this title?

Reviewer 2: Agreed, they feel more like plugin architectural concerns vs. "how to develop on plugins".

Author: @hanzei @lieut-data As noted in the PR description, "Proper Configuration" is just a placeholder to get this PR reviewed. It's certainly not the right phrase to use. Do you have any advice on where tab/page it should go in the docs, or what the page should be called if it's a new page?

I don't think the webapp design best practices page is right, because that's dedicated to information about adding components to different parts of the interface.

Author: @hanzei @lieut-data How do you think the docs should be structured here, regarding "making sure a plugin's HTTP requests to the server have the correct URL/headers?"

Reviewer: There is a "Best practices" document in https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/webapp/best-practices/. While is currently design focused, it could be instead contain both code and design practices.

Author: @hanzei I've moved the architectural concern docs to the best practices page

subsection: Web App Plugins
weight: 0
---

> ### Developing in the plugin's webapp folder

Reviewer 3: When we refer to the repo, we say "webapp" but when we refer to anything other than the repo (i.e., the web app proper) I propose we refer to "web app". 

In this case are we referring to the repo or the name of a folder that follows the structure of the repo and is called "webapp"?

Author: > In this case are we referring to the repo or the name of a folder that follows the structure of the repo and is called "webapp"?

There is a folder in each plugin repo called `webapp`, which houses each plugin's code that is modifying the Mattermost web application's user interface.

Reviewer 3: Gotcha, that makes sense. :)

In that case we can use ```webapp``` in the header.

> In order for your IDE to know the root directory of the plugin's webapp code, it is advantageous to open the IDE in the webapp folder itself when working on the webapp portion of the plugin. This way, the IDE is aware of files such as `webpack.config.js` and `tsconfig.json`.

Reviewer: Should this be under `Developer Workflow` instead? The `delve` steps are already in that file.

> In order for your IDE to know the root directory of the plugin's webapp code, it is advantageous to open the IDE in the webapp folder itself when working on the webapp portion of the plugin. This way, the IDE is aware of files such as `webpack.config.js` and `tsconfig.json`.

Reviewer 3: Following from above, in this case I would say this should be "webapp" as well, as it's referring to the naming convention of a repo?

### Using the Mattermost server's SiteURL in your webapp plugin

> In order to make sure your plugin has full compatibility with your Mattermost server, you should use the server's configured SiteURL in each API call you send to the server from the webapp. Here's an [example](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira/blob/19a9c2442817132b4eee5c77e259b80a40188a6a/webapp/src/selectors/index.js#L13-L26) of how to compute the SiteURL:

Reviewer 3: Following from above, my read on this is "web app" as it's the developer's web app?

Author: We usually refer to it as `webapp` when talking about the plugins and plugin repos. I'd say it's very common to do so when talking about code as well. Also, when I say "the webapp" in any of the prose in this file, I mean "the functionality the plugin is adding to the web application". It's implied that it means this, but I agree that it is not obvious.

Reviewer 3: That makes sense. I've been trying to work out how to standardize it in the docs and your explanation works: "webapp" when referring to repos/code and "web app" when referring to "web applications" proper (as per a brief Google).

```js
export const getPluginServerRoute = (state) => {
    const config = getConfig(state);

    let basePath = '';
    if (config && config.SiteURL) {
        basePath = new URL(config.SiteURL).pathname;

        if (basePath && basePath[basePath.length - 1] === '/') {
            basePath = basePath.substr(0, basePath.length - 1);
        }
    }

    return basePath + '/plugins/' + PluginId;
};
```

> ### Including the server's CSRF token in your webapp plugin's requests

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Including the server's CSRF token in your web app plugin's requests
```
